CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Concrete Floor Estimate GUI

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

Concrete calculations are complex and involve multiple different steps.
This will be a simple GUI that only asks for a few pieces of information.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I will learn what calculations come into play when calculating different
types of scenarios. I want a universal calculation so I need to look into 
many scenariosvand see what variables I should consider.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

datetime, pytest, math, and tkinter are the modules I forsee using.

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

Yes at bare minimum I will need some sort of calculation function and 
functions to provide the gui.

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes I plan to use pytest to test the calculcations and prevent logic errors.
